# WordGeneration
Mock Dictionary Project

Project: Demonstration of mock dictionary to generate a list of valid English words

Assumptions: The instructions were somewhat ambiguous (perhaps intentionally) regarding exactly what was supposed to be mocked - the dictionary itself, or the web service that would communicate with an online dictionary. The first interpretation seemed to be more consistent with the rest of the instructions, so I created a dictionary interface that could be implemented either by a real dictionary or a mocked dictionary object. The real dictionary class I left undeveloped, since it was not being used; I also did not address any of the web services that would be needed to make use of an online dictionary. My implementation of the mock dictionary, and the concommitant unit tests, assume that the program under test is the program that generates a set of letter combinations from a given word and uses a dictionary object to filter them into a list of valid English words. Unit tests were limited to this scope. Valid English words were deemed to be those that appear in a standard Scrabble dictionary, and the mocked dictionary compared the words from the generated list of letter combinations with a created list of valid English words, using the Mockito framework (with JUnit4). Additional assumptions were that providing an empty string, a string including numbers, or a string including special characters, would throw an IllegalArgumentException. If a string that contained more than one word was provided as input, only the first word of the string would be processed. I did not create a UI interface for this program; it is only accessed through the unit tests.
